# iLog-Sugar-Rich-Foods
An automated model to detect and classify sugar rich or comfort foods to analyze the normal and stress-eating behavior of the person. 
405 samples of images along with their XML files are presented here. This dataset has been originally used in iLog to detect the sugar rich foods or comfort foods to analyze the eating behaviors of the person.  In iLog, we propose a system which can not only monitor but also create awareness for the user of how much food is too much. iLog provides information on the emotional state of a person along with the classification of eating behaviors to Normal-Eating or Stress-Eating. Chronic stress, uncontrolled or unmonitored food consumption, and obesity are intricately connected, even involving certain neurological adaptations. We propose a deep learning model for edge computing platforms which can automatically detect, classify and quantify the objects from the plate of the user. Three different paradigms where the idea of iLog can be performed are explored in this research. Two different edge platforms have been implemented in iLog. The platforms include mobile, as it is widely used, and a single board computer which can easily be a part of network for executing experiments with iLog-Glasses being the main wearable. The iLog model has produced an overall accuracy of 98% with an average precision of 85.8%. 

If this image dataset has been useful to you in anyway, please cite these related articles: 
1.	L. Rachakonda, S. P. Mohanty, and E. Kougianos, “iLog: An Intelligent Device for Automatic Food Intake Monitoring and Stress Detection in the IoMT”, IEEE Transactions on Consumer Electronics (TCE), Vol. 66, No. 2, May 2020, pp. 115--124.
2.	L. Rachakonda, A. Kothari, S. P. Mohanty, E. Kougianos, and M. Ganapathiraju, "Stress-Log: An IoT-based Smart System to Monitor Stress-Eating", in Proceedings of the 37th IEEE International Conference on Consumer Electronics (ICCE), 2019.
